# Building a Mini Moonboard and Climbing Gym in My Garage

April 24th, 2026

I always wanted to make a "woody," but never had the space. When I lived in TN, I didn't have a garage or basement. When I moved to STL for my cancer treatment, that changed. It became a goal of mine to one day build a home gym. I had helped a little bit with my friend Jason's gym. Jason, Rusty, and I managed to hang a 400lb steel beam with some Amazon pulleys (that also broke, thank god we tied a backup to the D rings) in Jason's shed as part of his backyard gym and aerial acrobatic studio. That experience led me to having faith in my own construction abilities.

A couple weeks after treatment, I began exploring Menards and found some beautiful birch plywood. I took it home immediately, where it proceeded to sit in my garage for months. Eventually, I got enough inspiration from YouTube to begin drilling holes for the t-nuts. I learned how to use a speed square and made some awful lines laying out where the holes should be. My wife and I eventually used her sewing mat to make a cardboard jig to get the accurate 200mm spacing for the holes. My drill was pretty much useless. I called my little brother up and he had a ton of tools I could borrow. He helped me drill 132 holes and set some t-nuts. I eventually had both panels finished.

Then I began contemplating the frame. I was thinking adjustable was the way to go. After realizing how heavy my panels were, I decided to keep it much simpler and safer and go with a static 40 deg setup. I spent a few hours practicing cutting a 40 degree angle. For the kicker, I used a treated 6x6x8. I bolted this to the wall with Simpson Strong-Ties and began getting my 2x6s up. These are also strong tied to the kicker and the back wall. There is plywood and another 2x6 spanning all the studs on the back wall. The far corner is using Spax to connect the furthest 2x6 to all the studs and back wall plywood. I sistered the least supported wall and framing to the studs and window frame on the garage which is very sturdy.

I was able to do pull ups on each part of the 4 piece frame and everything felt very sturdy. I invited James and Michael over to help me get the panels up. They pushed the panels against the 40 degree frame while I used an impact driver to set the 2 1/2 inch Spax screws that connected the plywood face to the frame. The angle is exactly 40, and the plywood face is close enough. I think there is like a quarter inch in size between the two 4x8 boards.
